Update documentation (#64)
datalad/datalad-osf: docs/source/index.rst

DataLad extension to interface with OSF
***************************************

> Welcome! This extension equips DataLad with tools to interoperate with projects on the Open Science Framework (OSF). Specifically, it can create a git-annex special remote implementation to transform OSF storage into git-annex repositories. Files in OSF storage could thus be consumed or exported fast and easily via git-annex or DataLad, and published to repository-hosting services (GitHub, GitLab, Bitbucket, ...) as lightweight repositories that constitute an alternative access to the data stored on the OSF - that is: you can git clone a repository from for example GitHub and get the data from the OSF from the command line or in your scripts.

Reviewer: While this was the project description as we pitched it, this is not what the tool now does. Instead of transforming OSF storage into git-annex repository, you can use this extension to use the OSF as a special remote to store data in the annex of a dataset. With this, you can ``datalad publish`` a dataset to GitHub or similar services and the data -- via a publication dependency -- to the OSF.

DataLad extension to interface with OSF
***************************************

> This extension aims to allow DataLad to work with the Open Science Framework (OSF). This is done by transforming storage on the Open Science Framework (OSF) into a `git-annex <https://git-annex.branchable.com/>`_  repository. You can use this extension to use the OSF as a special remote to store data in the annex  of a dataset. With this, you can `datalad publish` a dataset to GitHub or similar services and the data to the OSF (via a publication dependency).

Reviewer: Let's maybe stay simplistic and reuse this description also for the zenodo release?

```suggestion
This extension enables DataLad to work with the Open Science Framework (OSF). Use it to publish your dataset's data to an OSF project to utilize the OSF for dataset data storage and easy dataset sharing.
```

Author: Check and agreed :)
